Update docs (#38)
brighthive/data-resource-generator: docs/source/use_cases.rst

.. _use-cases:

Use Cases
=========

> The Data Resource Generator (DRG) allows you to dynamically generate a database and API with a configuration file. The biggest use cases for the DRG in general are automation and data collaboration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Data Resource Generator (DRG) allows you to dynamically generate a database and API with a configuration file. A DRG can fulfill many use cases, but generally, the DRG aids in automation and collaboration.

The DRG can help user accomplish the following goals:
```

#. This can be used to allow non-database users to create and use databases with a RESTful API interface
#. Quickly stand up a database with RESTful API programmatically.
#. By leveraging Open API Specification 3.0 (OAS3 or Swagger) you can automate the building of API clients.
#. Core parts of the library can be used to automate database generation.

> #. You can share your configuration file to communicate with partners what types of data you have.

Reviewer: I'd like to see these statements embrace grammatical parallelism, i.e., have the same structure. What about something where all bullet points start with an imperative verb?

> #. Quickly and programmatically stand up a database with a RESTful API.
#. Allow non-database admins to interact with databases via a RESTful API.
#. Secure and protect all, some, or no API endpoints.
#. Leverage the Open API Specification 3.0 (OAS3 or Swagger) to automate the building of API clients.
#. Share your configuration file to communicate with partners what types of data you have.
#. Automate database generation (without an API) using core parts of the DRG library.

Author: Excellent!
